readme: add hyper (#3263)
charmbracelet/crush: README.md

## Getting Started

The quickest way to get started is to choose a [Hyper][hyper] model from model
picker. Follow the steps to authenticate and you'll be good to go.

[Hyper], from Charm, is the official Crush provider. It’s subscription-based,
with a free tier, and optimized for Crush. It’s privacy focused, with zero data

> retention is and designed to support GDPR. [More on Hyper][hyper].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
retention (ZDR) is and designed to comply with GDPR. [More on Hyper][hyper].
```

Author: Good call. Pulling this in.
